Add server process documentation (#29548)
wazuh/wazuh: docs/ref/modules/README.md

which also starts a small internal UNIX server to request the configuration from other processes.
Simultaneously, a monitor periodically checks that none of the child processes have become zombies and that 
each retains the expected number of threads, thus ensuring continued stability. 

When a stop signal arrives, the parent server sends SIGTERM to each component, 
waits for its graceful shutdown, cleans up the PID files, and terminates, ensuring that no orphaned 
processes or half-processed data are left behind.

### Communications API

The API allows: JWT authentication, obtaining commands, processing persistent and async events from agents, 
downloading files from agents, and scanning for vulnerabilities.

The API consists of a `commands-manager` socket, which is responsible for 
providing an endpoint to expose local server commands to the various API processes, and the `batcher`, a 
process responsible for batching multiple requests sent to the Indexer, combining them into batches based on a 
specific size, detailed in the configuration.

### Management API

The API allows you to manage agents (add, remove, restart, group), configure group policies, 

> and control access using JWT authentication and RBAC permissions. It offers operations such as update verification, 

Author: Fixed in 973cb68d35eb41e28a13af321b40bf5a2e0a558b.

requires temporary tokens obtained through basic authentication to securely interact with the environment.

The API is composed of several components, such as the `commands-manager` socket responsible for exposing local server
commands to the various API processes and the `rbac-manager` responsible for Role-based access control.

## Server process overview

```mermaid
%%{init: {'theme': 'neutral', 'themeVariables': { 'primaryColor': '#F8F8F8'}}}%%
flowchart TD
    classDef server fill:#E0F7FA,stroke:#00ACC1;
    classDef api fill:#F0F4C3,stroke:#9E9D24;
    classDef component fill:#D1C4E9,stroke:#673AB7;
    classDef external fill:#C8E6C9,stroke:#2E7D32;

    Server["Wazuh Server"]:::server
    
    Server --> Engine["wazuh-engine"]:::component
    Server --> CommsAPI["wazuh-comms-api"]:::api
    Server --> ManagementAPI["wazuh-server-management-api"]:::api
    
    CommsAPI --> CommsManager["commands-manager"]:::component
    CommsAPI --> Batcher["batcher"]:::component
    
    ManagementAPI --> MgmtCommands["commands-manager"]:::component
    ManagementAPI --> RBAC["rbac-manager"]:::component

```

> ## Configuration Overview

Author: Fixed in b4042724afae3683fb9a49920f647a713e3d6da4.

---

## Main Configuration (`Config`)

The `Config` class is the main entry point for the application's configuration.

```yaml
server:
  ...
indexer:
  ...
engine:
  ...
management_api:
  ...
communications_api:
  ...
```

* `server`: Configuration for the Wazuh server.
* `indexer`: Configuration for the indexer (Elasticsearch, OpenSearch, etc.).
* `engine`: Configuration for the engine component.
* `management_api`: Configuration for the management API.
* `communications_api`: Configuration for the communications API.

---

## Server Configuration (`ServerConfig`)

```yaml
server:
  update_check: false
  logging:
    level: info
  cti:
    update_check: true
    url: https://cti.wazuh.com
```

* `update_check`: Enables/disables update checks.
* `logging`: Logging level (info, debug, debug2).
* `cti`: Configuration options for CTI.
  * `update_check`: Enables update check for CTI.
  * `url`: CTI service URL.

---

## Indexer Configuration (`IndexerConfig`)

```yaml
indexer:
  hosts:
    - host: 127.0.0.1
      port: 9200
  username: admin

>   password: secret

Author: Fixed in b4042724afae3683fb9a49920f647a713e3d6da4.

processes or half-processed data are left behind.

### Communications API

The API allows: JWT authentication, obtaining commands, processing persistent and async events from agents, 
downloading files from agents, and scanning for vulnerabilities.

The API consists of a `commands-manager` socket, which is responsible for 
providing an endpoint to expose local server commands to the various API processes, and the `batcher`, a 
process responsible for batching multiple requests sent to the Indexer, combining them into batches based on a 
specific size, detailed in the configuration.

### Management API

The API allows you to manage agents (add, remove, restart, group), configure group policies, 
and control access using JWT authentication and RBAC permissions. It offers operations such as update verification, 
log monitoring, and remote configuration, integrating with scripts, CLI tools, or the Wazuh Web Interface (WUI). It 
requires temporary tokens obtained through basic authentication to securely interact with the environment.

The API is composed of several components, such as the `commands-manager` socket responsible for exposing local server

> commands to the various API processes and the `rbac-manager` responsible for Role Access control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commands to the various API processes and the `rbac-manager` responsible for Role-based access control.
```

## Server process overview

```mermaid
%%{init: {'theme': 'neutral', 'themeVariables': { 'primaryColor': '#F8F8F8'}}}%%
flowchart TD
    classDef server fill:#E0F7FA,stroke:#00ACC1;
    classDef api fill:#F0F4C3,stroke:#9E9D24;
    classDef component fill:#D1C4E9,stroke:#673AB7;
    classDef external fill:#C8E6C9,stroke:#2E7D32;

    Server["Wazuh Server"]:::server

>     %% Subcomponentes principales

Author: Fixed in 74b4dfedc86d0645744910e49e36f3abf33d9b5f.

    Server --> Engine["wazuh-engine"]:::component
    Server --> CommsAPI["wazuh-comms-api"]:::api
    Server --> ManagementAPI["wazuh-server-management-api"]:::api

>     %% Componentes internos de Comms API

Author: Fixed in 74b4dfedc86d0645744910e49e36f3abf33d9b5f.

    CommsAPI --> CommsManager["commands-manager"]:::component
    CommsAPI --> Batcher["batcher"]:::component

>     %% Componentes internos de Management API

Author: Fixed in 74b4dfedc86d0645744910e49e36f3abf33d9b5f.

    ManagementAPI --> MgmtCommands["commands-manager"]:::component
    ManagementAPI --> RBAC["rbac-manager"]:::component

```

## Configuration Overview

This document provides a structured overview of the Wazuh application configuration using Python models. Each section corresponds to a specific component of the application and how it should be defined in the YAML configuration file.

---

## Main Configuration (`Config`)

The `Config` class is the main entry point for the application's configuration.

```yaml
server:
  ...
indexer:
  ...
engine:
  ...
management_api:
  ...
communications_api:
  ...
```

* `server`: Configuration for the Wazuh server.
* `indexer`: Configuration for the indexer (Elasticsearch, OpenSearch, etc.).
* `engine`: Configuration for the engine component.
* `management_api`: Configuration for the management API.
* `communications_api`: Configuration for the communications API.

---

## Server Configuration (`ServerConfig`)

```yaml
server:
  update_check: false
  logging:
    level: info
  cti:
    update_check: true
    url: https://cti.wazuh.com
```

> * `update\_check`: Enables/disables update checks.

Reviewer: There's no need of escaping the undescore

When a stop signal arrives, the parent server sends SIGTERM to each component, 
waits for its graceful shutdown, cleans up the PID files, and terminates, ensuring that no orphaned 
processes or half-processed data are left behind.

### Communications API

The API allows: JWT authentication, obtaining commands, processing persistent and async events from agents, 
downloading files from agents, and scanning for vulnerabilities.

The API consists of a `commands-manager` socket, which it is used to post commands to the Comms API and then make these available to the agents, 
and the `batcher`, a process responsible for batching multiple requests sent to the Indexer, combining them into batches based on a 
specific size, detailed in the configuration.

### Management API

The API allows you to manage agents (add, remove, restart, group), configure group policies, 
and control access using JWT authentication. It offers operations such as update verification, 
log monitoring, and remote configuration, integrating with scripts, CLI tools, or the Wazuh Web Interface (WUI). It 
requires temporary tokens obtained through basic authentication to securely interact with the environment.

> The API is composed of several components, such as the `commands-manager` socket responsible for exposing local server
> commands to the various API processes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API is composed of several components, such as the `commands-manager` socket, exposed to receive commands such as the ones to refresh the RBAC data.
```

Author: Fixed in 78e74d8b3ac2c66fc56909c21ad6fb9ccbb05ec1.
